Job Title: OCI Software Engineer Intern - OVIP
Company: Oracle
Location: Austin, TX (Remote)

Job Description:
Job Description

This job code is utilized for the majority of our temporary hires. The individual is performing hourly job duties as defined under the Fair Labor Standards Act.

Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) is the first cloud built specifically for the enterprise. The Streams, and Queues team enables seamless microservices communication and event-driven architecture with leading-edge message brokering solutions. In addition to these, we are also building several new services from the ground up. Learn more at oracle.com/cloud.

What You’ll Do:

Work at the core of every product or solution we build

Build large-scale distributed infrastructure for the cloud
Write code and design efficient data structures and algorithms to develop next-generation applications and tools
Develop, fix and debug software programs for web services, databases, applications, tools, networks


Objective Minimum Qualifications

US Veteran transitioning from active service or Military Spouse new to corporate experience preferred

To be considered for a Software Engineer position in the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) organization, you must possess the Objective Minimum Qualifications (OMQs) below. Please ensure that your application clearly indicates that you meet these OMQs by listing relevant academic/professional/personal projects on your resume.

Are proficient (e.g., can complete coding projects without any assistance) in two of the following computer languages: 
Java, Python, Go, or similar object oriented or functional programming languages
Have academic coursework, completed projects, prior internship and/or research experience or equivalent in at two of the following areas: 
Algorithms, Computer Architecture, High Performance Computing, Distributed Systems, Data Structures, Object Oriented Design, Network Security, Cloud Computing, Parallel Programming.
Have proven experience (internships, projects, coursework) working on at least two of the following areas: 
Linux Operating Systems
Web Services
Compute Platforms (such as Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, RabbitMQ, Ganglia, Nagios, Elasticsearch or others)
Scrum & Agile Methodologies


About the Company:

Oracle remains the gold standard for database technology and applications in enterprises throughout the world: With annual revenues greater than US$37.7 billion and more than 430,000 customers— including 100 of the Fortune 100—Oracle is a global provider of enterprise cloud computing. Deployed across industries in more than 175 countries, Oracle empowers business of all sizes on their journey to digital transformation. Oracle Cloud provides leading-edge capabilities in software as a service (SaaS), infrastructure as a service (IaaS), and data as a service (DaaS). For more than 35 years, Oracle is the enterprise technology partner that positions companies for tomorrow, today.

About Oracle Veteran Internship Program:

Oracle is proud to sponsor an internship and integration program that exposes transitioning military veterans and military spouses new to the corporate culture, provides hands-on job-skill training and experience, and offers enhanced professional and personal development. At Oracle, we are committed to the development and professional growth of our veterans and military spouses. Our paid internship program is specifically designed to aid military veterans, transitioning servicemembers and active-duty military spouses new to the corporate sector in their transition to a career in the private or public sector.

Veterans and Military Spouses accepted into our program will work closely with corporate leadership, military veteran coaches and HR professionals to help prepare for a successful transition. Interns will engage in on-the-job training and professional development in fields such as information technology, technical/systems consulting, technical support, facilities, finance, human resources, logistics, marketing, sales or developmental training in sales or for customer support (as available).

Additional Information:

Hourly wage is $30 per hour. This is a 40-hour per week position.
Internship runs from January 27 through April 18, 2025 – must be available full time 40 hours per week during these dates. 


Career Level - IC0

Qualifications

Disclaimer:

Certain US customer or client-facing roles may be required to comply with applicable requirements, such as immunization and occupational health mandates.

Range and benefit information provided in this posting are specific to the stated locations only

US: Hiring Range: from $18.99 - $53.00 per hour; from $39,500 - $110,240 per year.

Oracle maintains broad salary ranges for its roles in order to account for variations in knowledge, skills, experience, market conditions and locations, as well as reflect Oracle’s differing products, industries and lines of business.

Candidates are typically placed into the range based on the preceding factors as well as internal peer equity.

Oracle US offers a comprehensive benefits package which includes the following:

 Medical, dental, and vision insurance, including expert medical opinion
 Short term disability and long term disability
 Life insurance and AD&D
 Supplemental life insurance (Employee/Spouse/Child)
 Health care and dependent care Flexible Spending Accounts
 Pre-tax commuter and parking benefits
 401(k) Savings and Investment Plan with company match
 Paid time off: Flexible Vacation is provided to all eligible employees assigned to a salaried (non-overtime eligible) position. Accrued Vacation is provided to all other employees eligible for vacation benefits. For employees working at least 35 hours per week, the vacation accrual rate is 13 days annually for the first three years of employment and 18 days annually for subsequent years of employment. Vacation accrual is prorated for employees working between 20 and 34 hours per week. Employees working fewer than 20 hours per week are not eligible for vacation.
 11 paid holidays
 Paid sick leave: 72 hours of paid sick leave upon date of hire. Refreshes each calendar year. Unused balance will carry over each year up to a maximum cap of 112 hours.
 Paid parental leave
 Adoption assistance
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
 Financial planning and group legal
 Voluntary benefits including auto, homeowner and pet insurance


The role will generally accept applications for at least three calendar days from the posting date or as long as the job remains posted.

About Us

As a world leader in cloud solutions, Oracle uses tomorrow’s technology to tackle today’s problems. True innovation starts with diverse perspectives and various abilities and backgrounds.

When everyone’s voice is heard, we’re inspired to go beyond what’s been done before. It’s why we’re committed to expanding our inclusive workforce that promotes diverse insights and perspectives.

We’ve partnered with industry-leaders in almost every sector—and continue to thrive after 40+ years of change by operating with integrity.

Oracle careers open the door to global opportunities where work-life balance flourishes. We offer a highly competitive suite of employee benefits designed on the principles of parity and consistency. We put our people first with flexible medical, life insurance and retirement options. We also encourage employees to give back to their communities through our volunteer programs.

We’re committed to including people with disabilities at all stages of the employment process. If you require accessibility assistance or accommodation for a disability at any point, let us know by calling +1 888 404 2494, option one.

Disclaimer:

Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer*. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans’ status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Oracle will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records pursuant to applicable law.