Job Title: 2025 US Summer Internship - Game Engineering 
Company: Blizzard Entertainment
Location: Santa Monica, CA

Job Description:
Team Name

Job Title:

2025 US Summer Internship - Game Engineering

Requisition ID

R023720

Job Description

Game Engineering Internship

Player Profile

Pursuing an associates, bachelors, masters, or PhD and graduating December 2025 – July 2026 
Available to participate in a 12-week internship starting in late-May or mid-June 
Currently residing in the US or open to relocating oneself to the US 
Exhibits learning agility; has the ability to think differently, and/or grasp and apply new skills and concepts 
Approaches problems in a clear, well-organized, and solutions-oriented manner 
Works well with others and contributes to team tasks 
Able to effectively communicate problems, solutions, needs, or priorities 
Is engaged, seeks to learn, and is able to manage time effectively 
A passion for significantly impacting game development 
Candidates must apply with a resume and a link to their code samples to be considered 

Internship Opportunities

All internships will be conducted in-person. Hosting managers will determine when and how often interns work in the office Monday-Friday (relocation services and living stipend provided to all interns).

Potential internship location(s): Santa Monica, CA; Irvine, CA; Woodland Hills, CA; Playa Vista, CA; Carlsbad, CA; Middleton, WI

Gameplay Engineering Internship: Partner across teams developing gameplay and features for our games. You will be working on a shipping title, with a mentor, on a team managing multiple projects against competing deadlines. It may be the biggest challenge you have faced, but your strong technical skills, initiative, and commitment will get you through.

Proficient in a programming language, preferably C++
Knowledge of mathematics for 3D graphics, particularly linear algebra 
An eagerness to collaborate and innovate on game side code 
Proven game programming experience a plus (personal or professional) 

Tools Engineering Internship: Help us build the tools we use to create our games. Create user experiences for proprietary tools and provide unique value to a small team of passionate engineers. We help content creators be really creative, really fast.

Proficient in at least one programming language, preferably C++ or C# 
Knowledge of WPF 
Understanding of User Interface technologies 

UI Engineering Internship: A UI Engineer focuses on one part of the framework within the game engine that the UI will be built upon, and one part the active User Interface our players will see in game. We work on both the underlying code systems that make it work, and all the shiny buttons and menus you interact with!

Strong proficiency in C++ 
An eagerness to collaborate and innovate on game side code 
A passion for creating something brand new 
Familiarity with UI fundamentals and practices 
Experiences with UI Editors is a plus 

Online Technology Engineering Internship: Work with a team that acts as the "technical glue" between back end and user experience. As an Online Technology intern, you will control social systems on our games and implement new systems within multiplayer game features.

Strong proficiency in C++
Knowledge of networking or game networks
Proven game programming experience is a plus (personal or professional) 

Systems Engineering Internship: Work with the team responsible for low level CPU based systems, including but not limited to streaming, audio, animation, physics, memory, and networking.

Proficient in a programming language, preferably C++
Knowledge of mathematics for 3D graphics, particularly linear algebra 
An eagerness to collaborate and innovate on game side code 
Understanding of how computers work

AI Engineering Internship: Work with the team to create AI within our games. You’ll help create friendly AI to help the player, enemy AI which the player rights against, and more.

Proficient in a programming language, preferably C++
Knowledge of mathematics for 3D graphics, particularly linear algebra 
Proven game programming experience is a plus (personal or professional) 

Audio Engineering Internship: Work with the team to make tools to help content creators make audio. In this role, you will see how we create audio reactive to gameplay.

Proficient in a programming language, preferably C++
Familiar with audio tools like Wwise and FMOD
Proven game programming experience with audio is a plus (personal or professional) 

We love hearing from anyone who is enthusiastic about changing the games industry. Not sure you meet all qualifications? Let us decide! Research shows that women and members of other under-represented groups tend to not apply to jobs when they think they may not meet every qualification, when, in fact, they often do! At Activision Blizzard, we are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment and strongly encourage you to apply.

Your Platform

We are looking for talented and innovative students to join our team for the 2025 summer. All interns will receive a meaningful project and an unparalleled experience. We’ll provide the tools and resources you need to learn new skills/technology while you collaborate with some of the best in the gaming industry. The challenging and creative work you do throughout your internship will directly impact the team you are contributing on. In addition to your day-to-day work, you’ll participate in intern exclusive Learning & Development and social events (virtual and in-person).

All internships will be conducted in-person. Hosting managers will determine when and how often interns work in the office. All interns will have the option to opt into relocation services (flights, trains, or car mileage reimbursement). Additionally, all interns will be provided with a living stipend to supplement housing, utility, commuting, and miscellaneous costs.

Our World

Activision Blizzard, Inc. (NASDAQ: ATVI), is one of the world's largest and most successful interactive entertainment companies and is at the intersection of media, technology and entertainment. We are home to some of the most beloved entertainment franchises including Call of Duty®, World of Warcraft®, Overwatch®, Diablo®, Candy Crush™ and Bubble Witch™. Our combined entertainment network delights hundreds of millions of monthly active users in 196 countries, making us the largest gaming network on the planet!

Our ability to build immersive and innovate worlds is only enhanced by diverse teams working in an inclusive environment. We aspire to have a culture where everyone can thrive in order to connect and engage the world through epic entertainment. We provide a suite of benefits that promote physical, emotional and financial well-being for ‘Every World’ - we’ve got our employees covered!

The videogame industry and therefore our business is fast-paced and will continue to evolve. As such, the duties and responsibilities of this role may be changed as directed by the Company at any time to promote and support our business and relationships with industry partners.

Activision Blizzard is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable law and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

We are committed to working with and providing reasonable assistance to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you are a disabled individual requiring an accommodation to apply for an open position, please email your request to accommodationrequests@activisionblizzard.com General employment questions cannot be accepted or processed here. Thank you for your interest.

Rewards

Requirements

We provide a suite of benefits that promote physical, emotional and financial well-being for ‘Every World’ - we’ve got our employees covered! Subject to eligibility requirements, the Company offers comprehensive benefits including:

Medical, dental, vision, health savings account or health reimbursement account, healthcare spending accounts, dependent care spending accounts, life and AD&D insurance, disability insurance;
401(k) with Company match, tuition reimbursement, charitable donation matching;
Paid holidays and vacation, paid sick time, floating holidays, compassion and bereavement leaves, parental leave;
Mental health & wellbeing programs, fitness programs, free and discounted games, and a variety of other voluntary benefit programs like supplemental life & disability, legal service, ID protection, rental insurance, and others;
If the Company requires that you move geographic locations for the job, then you may also be eligible for relocation assistance.

Eligibility to participate in these benefits may vary for part time and temporary full-time employees and interns with the Company. You can learn more by visiting https://www.benefitsforeveryworld.com/.

In the U.S., the standard base pay range for this role is $20.00 - $50.00 Hourly. These values reflect the expected base pay range of new hires across all U.S. locations. Ultimately, your specific range and offer will be based on several factors, including relevant experience, performance, and work location. Your Talent Professional can share this role’s range details for your local geography during the hiring process. In addition to a competitive base pay, employees in this role may be eligible for incentive compensation. Incentive compensation is not guaranteed. While we strive to provide competitive offers to successful candidates, new hire compensation is negotiable.